# Enumeration of Fragment Space
Here we want to generate all the molecular constitutions that are encoded in the fragment space. We ignore the issue of hindered torsion along the N–A substituent bond. Therefore, we use fragments that do not have the dummy He atom that de-symmetrizes the Ph substituent. In other words, we use the fragment space defined in `../FS_noHe.params`

## Procedure
To facilitate parallelization of the enumeration tasks, we first have generated the list of all possible root graphs containg the scaffold (i.e., the Ru center) and first layer of fragments (i.e., the NHC core with Ph skeleton on both N atoms).
This is done with the following command, where `DENOPTIMHOME` is the installation folder of DENOPTIM.

`java -jar $DENOPTIMHOME/build/FragSpaceExplorer.jar FSE_makeRoot.params > FSE_makeRoot.log 2>&1`

A list of 18 root graphs is printed in `$FSEFOLDER/FSE-Level_0/FSE-Level_0.txt` where `$FSEFOLDER` is the folder with unique timestamp (i.e., FSE25052021101600) generated by the FragSpaceExplorer module of DENOPTIM. These 18 graphs are then printed into the `root_#` files to be used as input.

The enumeration runs can be executed by running
```
for i in $(seq 1 18) ; do java -jar $DENOPTIMHOME/build/FragSpaceExplorer.jar FSE_$i.params > FSE_$i.log 2>&1 & sleep 2 ; done
```
## Results
This is the summary of the total number of fragment combinations generated for each root:
| Root # | Total number of combinations |
| --- | --- |
|1|	27000|
|2|	3375|
|3|	23625|
|4|	27000|
|5|	3375|
|6|	23625|
|7|	3375|
|8|	3375|
|9|	1|
|10|	7|
|11|	8|
|12|	1|
|13|	56|
|14|	1|
|15|	8|
|16|	7|
|17|	189000|
|18|	1|
| **Sum** |	**303840**|

These numbers, however, do contain duplicates. For instance, many roots, when all attachment points are saturated with the capping group (i.e., an H atom), generate the same molecule. To purge the duplicates we count the unique InChIKeys, which are generated for each candidate.
